# Java tutorial

## Step 3: Extending the stub
Apart from an auto-generated constructor, the Connection Handler Implementation class generated by the plugin provides stub implementations of five methods:

<table>
<tr>
<th>Method</th>
<th>Description</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

```java
public void handleMMessage(M message)
```
</td>
<td>This method is invoked when a message of type <b>M</b> arrives. Here <b>M</b> does not refer to a generic parameter but a message type defined by the developer in the service description. For every message supported by an interface, a <i>handleMMsg()</i> stub is generated.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

```java
public void onConnected(Connection connection)
```
</td>
<td>This method is invoked, as the name suggests, when a connection is established. The <i>Connection</i> interface parameter passed to this method can be used to respond to the process at the other end of the connection.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

```java
public void onSuspend()
```
</td>
<td>This method is invoked when a connection is suspended. Please note that this refers to the suspended state of the connection and not the process. A connection may be suspended so as to resume at a future time. For example, when a process is migrated to another node, the orchestrator suspends the process' connections along with the process itself. The orchestrator then resumes the process and its connections.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

```java
public void resumeAfterSuspend()
```
</td>
<td>This method is invoked when a connection is resumed <b>after the connection was suspended</b>. As with <i>onSuspend()</i>, this refers to the state of the connection and not the process itself.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

```java
public void onInterrupt()
```
</td>
<td>This method is invoked when the process' connection is interrupted. This could happen if the physical network is disrupted or the underlying docker networking framework fails.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

```java
public void resumeAfterInterrupt()
```
</td>
<td>Upon interruption, either the service library or the orchestrator attempts to resume the connection at a future time. This method is then invoked.
</td>
</tr>
</table>
